Feature/pgm serialization documentation (#373)
PowerGridModel/power-grid-model: docs/advanced_documentation/c-api.md

NOTE: you do not need to call `PGM_buffer_set_nan` on output buffers, 
because the buffer will be overwritten in the calculation core with the real output data.

## Dataset views

```{warning}
This feature is still under construction. Not all parts of the C API implement this feature.
```

For larger datasets that cannot or should not be treated independently,
`PGM_dataset_*` interfaces are provided.
Currently implemented are `PGM_dataset_const` and `PGM_dataset_writable`.
These two dataset types expose a dataset to the power-grid-model with the following permissions on buffers:

| Dataset interface        | power-grid-model permissions | User permissions    | Treat as        |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------------- | ------------------- | --------------- |
| `PGM_dataset_const_*`    | Read                         | Create, read, write | `const * const` |

> | `PGM_dataset_writable_*` | Read, write                  | Create, read        | `* const`       |

Reviewer: Use cannot create writable dataset.

A constant dataset is completely user-owned.
The user is responsible for creating and destroying both the dataset and its buffers.
This dataset is perfect for input and update datasets.

> A writable dataset, instead, cannot be created by the user, but will be provided by the power-grid-model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A writable dataset, instead, cannot be created by the user, but will be provided by the deserializer.
```

Author: right... because as you said, otherwise it should be a `mutable dataset` and we're talking `writable dataset` only here

The user can then provide buffers to which the power-grid-model can output its data.

> This dataset type is perfect for output data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dataset is only meant to be used as user-provided buffer for the deserializer.
```
